UNIT FILE                                  STATE          
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled        
alsa-restore.service                       static         
alsa-state.service                         static         
alsa-utils.service                         masked         
anacron.service                            enabled        
apparmor.service                           enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static         
apt-daily.service                          static         
autovt@.service                            enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled        
bluetooth.service                          enabled        
bolt.service                               static         
bootlogd.service                           masked         
bootlogs.service                           masked         
bootmisc.service                           masked         
checkfs.service                            masked         
checkroot-bootclean.service                masked         
checkroot.service                          masked         
clean-mount-point@.service                 static         
colord.service                             static         
configure-printer@.service                 static         
console-getty.service                      disabled       
console-setup.service                      enabled        
container-getty@.service                   static         
cron.service                               enabled        
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked         
cryptdisks.service                         masked         
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service     enabled        
dbus.service                               static         
debug-shell.service                        disabled       
display-manager.service                    static         
emergency.service                          static         
fstrim.service                             static         
fwupd-offline-update.service               static         
fwupd.service                              static         
gdm.service                                static         
gdm3.service                               static         
geoclue.service                            static         
getty-static.service                       static         
getty@.service                             enabled        
halt.service                               masked         
hostname.service                           masked         
hwclock.service                            masked         
ifup@.service                              static         
ifupdown-pre.service                       static         
ifupdown-wait-online.service               disabled       
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static         
initrd-cleanup.service                     static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static         
initrd-switch-root.service                 static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static         
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled        
killprocs.service                          masked         
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static         
kmod.service                               static         
logrotate.service                          static         
man-db.service                             static         
ModemManager.service                       enabled        
module-init-tools.service                  static         
motd.service                               masked         
mountall-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountall.service                           masked         
mountdevsubfs.service                      masked         
mountkernfs.service                        masked         
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 masked         
mountnfs.service                           masked         
network-manager.service                    enabled        
networking.service                         enabled        
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled        
NetworkManager.service                     enabled        
packagekit-offline-update.service          static         
packagekit.service                         static         
plymouth-halt.service                      static         
plymouth-kexec.service                     static         
plymouth-log.service                       static         
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static         
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static         
plymouth-quit.service                      static         
plymouth-read-write.service                static         
plymouth-reboot.service                    static         
plymouth-start.service                     static         
plymouth-switch-root.service               static         
plymouth.service                           static         
polkit.service                             static         
pppd-dns.service                           enabled        
procps.service                             static         
quotaon.service                            static         
rc-local.service                           static         
rc.local.service                           static         
rc.service                                 masked         
rcS.service                                masked         
realmd.service                             static         
reboot.service                             masked         
rescue.service                             static         
rmnologin.service                          masked         
rsyslog.service                            enabled        
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled       
saned.service                              masked         
saned@.service                             indirect       
sendsigs.service                           masked         
serial-getty@.service                      disabled       
single.service                             masked         
speech-dispatcher.service                  disabled       
speech-dispatcherd.service                 disabled       
ssh.service                                enabled        
ssh@.service                               static         
sshd.service                               enabled        
stop-bootlogd-single.service               masked         
stop-bootlogd.service                      masked         
sudo.service                               masked         
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled        
syslog.service                             enabled        
system-update-cleanup.service              static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static         
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static         
systemd-backlight@.service                 static         
systemd-binfmt.service                     static         
systemd-bless-boot.service                 static         
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service     disabled       
systemd-exit.service                       static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                      static         
systemd-fsckd.service                      static         
systemd-halt.service                       static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static         
systemd-hibernate.service                  static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static         
systemd-initctl.service                    static         
systemd-journal-flush.service              static         
systemd-journald.service                   static         
systemd-kexec.service                      static         
systemd-localed.service                    static         
systemd-logind.service                     static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static         
systemd-modules-load.service               static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                   static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static         
systemd-random-seed.service                static         
systemd-reboot.service                     static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static         
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled       
systemd-rfkill.service                     static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static         
systemd-suspend.service                    static         
systemd-sysctl.service                     static         
systemd-sysusers.service                   static         
systemd-time-wait-sync.service             disabled       
systemd-timedated.service                  static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static         
systemd-udevd.service                      static         
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                static         
systemd-user-sessions.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service              static         
udev.service                               static         
udisks2.service                            enabled        
umountfs.service                           masked         
umountnfs.service                          masked         
umountroot.service                         masked         
unattended-upgrades.service                enabled        
upower.service                             disabled       
urandom.service                            static         
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static         
usbmuxd.service                            static         
user-runtime-dir@.service                  static         
user@.service                              static         
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static         
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service            disabled       
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled       
x11-common.service                         masked         
zram-setup@.service                        static         

193 unit files listed.

